hey good morning everybody again
um I'm gonna do another video here I'm
doing them back to back this is
something the Lord brought up to my
attention yesterday in my prayer time he
told me about uh in in 2022 was summer
of 2022
I believe it was about this time
last year well it was a little bit
before because it was it was probably
around April or so and he came to me
when I was praying he said Brandon
there's going to be a massive in the
near here coming up oil is going to go
to 200 a barrel
he said the the the prince of Saudi
Arabia is going to go against the United
States and they're going to pump the oil
they're going to cause an oil shortage
but it but they're going to go with
Russia in this and they're going to go
with China and and it's it's like it's
like a secret mission against the United
States but I saw
uh the price of gas go almost seven
dollars a gallon again I saw things like
uh price of Commodities everything
because we're trying to control
inflation they're trying to do stuff and
they're TR this is all part of the
global economic
um uh reset is what I want to call it
it's part of the digital platform that
they're doing and so
um creating a new digital currencies
it's part of it weakening the dollar
this is going to I don't know how all
this happens I'm just saying I'm I'm
this is the parts that I see the Lord
told me that like I said oil would go
200 a barrel gas was going to go very
very high and so
um I just wanted to warn you about some
of this stuff number two this was three
or four weeks ago I believe I was
praying and the Lord showed me he said I
need you to pray for Italy
he said and I said what's going on with
Italy Lord and he said he and he showed
me and I had open eye vision again and
he showed me he said there's a massive
volcano that's about to happen and I saw
a coastline but it's it's on the water
and there's a massive volcano there and
he told me he said this is going to
happen and he said there will be signs
right before there's a massive explosion
I saw it I saw this thing explode huge
and he kept having me pray over the
ocean the water there's something about
the water the ocean around Italy that is
there's something very dangerous there's
like a volcano in that water and this is
going to shoot off and it's going to
cause major major uh Devastation it's
going to be very serious and so I've
been praying for the people of Italy to
wake up if they are Christian if they're
not me that they where they're supposed
to be that they will leave when this
thing goes off there there's a huge town
or a city
all on the edge of the water where I saw
this volcano go off and so there'll be
signs maybe even on the news in Italy
about some some Rumblings around that
area some some earthquakes some Tremors
or something to pre-warn that something
big is going to happen do not ignore
this do not ignore this it is very
serious what I saw is very serious and
and if you have little trimmers if you
start having a lot of trimmers and you
start seeing smoke or there's something
going on
um
take heed take heed be be uh warned Fair
warned I'm trying to tell you this is
going to be a major event an end time
event I don't know when it's going to
happen I I wish I did I'm sorry I only
see part and I hear in part and so um
just stuff I'm praying over that's
basically what I had those are two
little things uh of that I have another
video I'm about to do it'll be my third
video but this is this is the positive
one have a blessed day bye-bye